I
you
buy one from coaster cars others waited
patiently some talking with each other
and others resting with their eyes
occasionally closed a few passengers
remained on board nearly three hours
after the accident 22 people were on
board Pittman said four people on the
ride received minor injuries but they
and other writers remained on the
stalled coaster stranded 20 to 30 feet
in the air more than an hour after the
accident the ninja coaster can hold up
to 28 riders as you shoot down the
snake-like steel track you'll grip the
hillsides and blast through the trees
swiftly slicing through the landscape
ninja pivots with precision as you
narrowly missed tagging land and water
whippin around at 55 miles per hour
according to the amusement parks website
six flags
are you
ok